doc: improve `--auto-discovery` option docs (#1632)
DataDog/datadog-ci: src/commands/junit/README.md

```

- The positional arguments are the directories or file paths in which the jUnit XML reports are located. If you pass a folder, the CLI will look for all `.xml` files in it.

> - `--auto-discovery` (default: `false`) do a recursive search and automatic jUnit XML reports discovery in the folders provided in positional arguments. Search for filenames that match `*junit*.xml`, `*test*.xml`, `*TEST-*.xml`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `--auto-discovery` (default: `false`) enables recursive search in folders given via positional arguments, automatically detecting jUnit XML reports with filenames matching `*junit*.xml`, `*test*.xml`, or `*TEST-*.xml`.
```
